v4.11 release (#155)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/whats-new.txt

- Adds support for free-threaded CPython when running Python v3.13+. 
  For more information about free threading, see the 
  `Python documentation <https://docs.python.org/3/howto/free-threading-python.html>`__.
- In-use encryption requires ``pymongocrypt`` v1.12 or later.

> - ``MongoClient.address`` and ``AsyncMongoClient.address`` now correctly block

Reviewer: assuming these are methods?

```suggestion
- The ``MongoClient.address()`` and ``AsyncMongoClient.address()`` methods correctly block
```

Author: I've been spending too long in Mongoid land apparently

  when called on unconnected clients.
- Adds ``__repr__`` support for the ``IndexModel`` and ``SearchIndexModel`` classes.
- Adds a ``sort`` parameter to the following methods:
  

>   - ``Collection.update_one``
>   - ``Collection.replace_one``
>   - ``operations.UpdateOne``
>   - ``operations.UpdateMany``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ``Collection.update_one()``
  - ``Collection.replace_one()``
  - ``operations.UpdateOne()``
  - ``operations.UpdateMany()``
```

> - ``MongoClient.bulkWrite`` and ``AsyncMongoClient.bulk_write`` now throw an
>   error when the ``ordered`` or ``verboseResults`` options are set to ``True``
>   and are used with unacknowledged writes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``MongoClient.bulkWrite()`` and ``AsyncMongoClient.bulk_write() methods`` throw an
  error when the ``ordered`` or ``verboseResults`` options are set to ``True``
  and are used with unacknowledged writes.
```

>   error when the ``ordered`` or ``verboseResults`` options are set to ``True``
>   and are used with unacknowledged writes.

Reviewer: s:

```suggestion
  error if you use them with unacknowledged writes when the 
  ``ordered`` or ``verboseResults`` options are set to ``True``.
```

- Fixes a bug that caused ``DatetimeMS`` to be incorrectly encoded as
  ``'{"$date": "X"}'`` instead of ``'{"$date": X}'`` when using the the legacy
  MongoDB Extended JSON datetime representation.

> - Fixes a bug that caused ``bson.json_util.loads`` to raise an ``IndexError``

Reviewer: method?

```suggestion
- Fixes a bug that caused the ``bson.json_util.loads()`` method to raise an ``IndexError``
```
